(upbeat music)
- [Instructor] In this video, I'll share my solution
for this challenge.
To get started, I'm going to add a component section
to the bottom of the file.
Within this component section,
I'm going to create a reusable schema object
that represents the article resource.
This component will provide us
with some reusability throughout the API definition,
and we can avoid repeating the article schema object
throughout the file.
To define the properties on the article schema object,
we can go ahead and copy the properties
from the object on our get operation.
So I'm just going to go ahead and copy these fields
and place them within the article schema object
at the bottom of the file.
Once they're in place,
I can go ahead and click on Edit
and then convert to YAML
and the file will automatically format.
Now we can just go ahead and remove those properties
from the API definition underneath the get operation.
We'll still need to specify the type of the objects
in the array for the get operation,
so we can now use our new component
by using the ref property
and then pointing to the article component
that we just created.
Okay, so now we have our reusable schema object
and we can begin to create our next operation
on the API definition.
If you chose the post operation to add to the article path,
you chose the correct operation
for creating a resource on a REST API.
So with the post operation added,
we're going to also add the tags field,
and we're going to create this operation
underneath the article tags,
so we can nest it within that resource.
The next thing that we'll need to do
is specify the request body
that will be accepted by this operation.
Underneath the requestBody field,
we can go ahead and add the content field,
then we can specify the MIME type as application/json.
And then here, we just provide the schema for the object
that we would like to receive as the request body.
Once again, we can go ahead and use the ref field
and point to the article schema object that we just created.
There's only one thing left to do,
we need to return a response from this operation.
So let's go ahead, we'll add the responses field.
And then when we create a new resource on a REST API,
we should use a 201 status code
to indicate that that resource has been created.
So I'll add the HTTP status code
and then nested within it, I can provide a description,
and we'll just say that the article has been created.
That completes the solution for this challenge,
which should have given you additional experience
defining REST API operations.